what's up guys welcome to big dots TV
tonight I'm gonna be at Oracle Arena
pretending to be klay Thompson shout out
to sea geek for sponsoring this video
all you had to do is download their app
and use code oz to get $20 off of any
event tonight I have tickets in the very
first row behind the Warriors bench and
I'm gonna pretend to be klay Thompson
[Music]
play nice to meet you agree to do get
the monk on the best part yeah man
you're gonna watch our game tonight away
[Music]
what non-players first for the players
first yeah
we're in a place partner VIP
[Music]
oh hey yeah Danny cut me a picture man
come on man oh [__] he living come on
get it get it get it that's my boy right
here man yes good day we're going we're
going straight to the player for you
we're going all the way we're going all
the way
[Music]
alright guys so we just parked and now
we're about to ball up on some
stranger's boy 8 plate top everybody up
nation that all we do okay you definite
you definitely got me
he took that was intentional defense hey
hey China Oh from China I'm trying to
clay china clay yeah good game starting
soon
[Music]
all right I'll see you in there yeah I
gotta go to warm up some light quickly
all right
[Music]
on the roof back row
real flat road
[Music]
are you gonna pass through the ball
tonight good pass me the rock
[Applause]
we're currently blowing up all over
Twitter and Instagram bleacher report
Sports Illustrated bar school
everybody's posting us right now do you
think I like the worst picture ever it's
all good there I'm getting roasted so
bad
everybody's roasting the faint play
right now it's great why I'm here for
you let me know if you need me to go in
the game for you good game clay all
right guys that's a wrap for leaving the
stadium right now how was your first NBA
game bro they crazy
ke-wah-wah I can't believe we lost the
last minute but it was a lot of fun
thanks again to SeatGeek for hooking it
up make sure you guys down on their app
and use code daus for $20 off any
tickets and follow me on instagram i'm
doing a giveaway and iphone 7 so make
sure you guys follow me on instagram i'm
giving that away at the end of the month
and that's going to be it for today
thanks again for watching and until next
time
episode of bigdhaas TV peace guys